they're another bit down there
honey go just pull up this but it's not
helping it you would impose if you
remove those fires you have to work
without much you give this a bullet but
yeah down we'll next lemma yes that's
not my phone all right forget electrical
bracket of course the whole system's
history factual so without the vacuum
how did you sister forbearers used power
washing up let's pray for a new beta
gate very good using the holy jesus
christ right sighs the offending pipe as
you can see
I've got um spray cleaner Jesus I just
need a rag me so we can rub it down with
can I take a picture one video so what
does that actually do right this some
yes
too much fun be Craig you can actually
take a picture way on video this pipe
hmm it's fed off the turbo and there
just goes around there right so it's
it'll haul a vacuum in then all the air
just so the air going into the engine
yeah well from source yeah it was there
through the exhaust
Paxman so for your turn I should stop it
smoking as well
look um yeah because it would give turbo
oh just man less pressure yeah there
would be enough pressure was a hopefully
should stops me I mean you know logging
this man has been damaged literally yes
it will dropped a lot of television yeah
cuz we about not working right the
engine works harder because it's not
getting the part without it it could be
wired okay good okay
no it still pulls it still pulls on foot
foot down right the crack goes from is
there stops that's going on I on they're
happy not that one mmm so you know for a
bloke that's a six-inch crack in it so
right